this video is sponsored by curiosity
stream English versus American hi I'm
Lucy boy in band I'm Dave from
boyinaband and I'm here with an American
and today we're going to be doing a
citizenship test oh boy I hope they pass
not long ago I did a video where I took
a British citizen
yeah British citizenship test and I
failed twice so I figured I should go to
a different country yeah we kick you out
yeah but the Queen was not happy yeah so
I had to figure another country so I was
like what's the next best one after
England no there were a lot of gone
because Canada Australia Syria we're all
busy I figured like Cimmeria I'm looking
to join your country right to see am I
gonna help guide you or am I gonna fail
with you I just wanted to see whether
I'm better than the radio in there I'm
the control yeah if we both fails is
going to be only embarrassing for me
speaking of which most of the US would
fail the US citizenship test survey
finds an embarrassment a new poll shows
that only a little over a third of
Americans would pass a basic
multiple-choice US citizenship test are
you in that way what are you
knowledgeable about awkward Americans
can to the US you must score at least
60% for a successful pass and it's like
10 randomly selected questions so you
got to get six out of ten there's and
there's so there's a hundred questions
but you only are asked 10 of things
Arizona became the first state requiring
students to pass a civics test before
graduation what happens if you failed do
you get kicked out of the US and
graduate back to where you came for the
US Citizenship and Immigration Services
actually has practice practice tests
well what kind of questions are they
gonna ask there's no really is not
allowed to know anything you have to go
I'm gonna go and blind and see how
American we are okay I hope it's there
so let this do a test for how American
we are right now Oh
can you see by the dawn's question 1 oh
this is 20 we're basically doing two
tests yeah name one War fought by the
United States in the 1900s the war of
1812 just because it will will one I
think we can both get that correct how
many amendments does the Constitution
have well you're lucky because I don't
think I know this will it help if you
listen to the question yes how many
amendments does the Constitution have oh
now that now that I'm thinking about it
that way yeah I still don't know it's
probably not ten I think they're kind of
getting four I get maybe a ten
commandments because yeah yes I want to
say 21 my gut is see 27 27 I was right
you were wrong yeah
that's not good for me but why 27 verses
21 I was just going for the highest
number but I had a feeling though yeah
what if it hits a 28 then I would have
picked 20 I guess I mean I knew I'm an
American this is okay yeah that's you
have to hold it now yeah that's right
that's right I don't understand how
that's relevant but I know we're not a
question about like what the
Constitution is this is more like a fun
fact I feel I think it's useful for
someone like a citizen of a country to
understand the laws of that country so
to know how many I don't know the laws I
know how many there are there yeah you
go point about there may be 27 things
I'm doing wrong oh here we go
why did the colonists light but this is
spicy I feel like I should be hot well
no I got yeah because the British Army
stayed in their houses because of high
taxes because they didn't have
self-government all of these answers
because the British always stayed in
their houses that's such a weird
specific I think see is just there to
negate D it has to be be my guess is cuz
of a high tax that's my guess too
he doesn't make any sense oh no wait in
what house what does that mean
the British forced colonists to allow
British soldiers to sleep and eat in
their homes
oh they
I've heard it was like the British
stayed home all day because they did
it's his hair how it was there right the
colonists houses it to give context for
that next question yeah we have to put
this on the ground once we get a
question right then we become Americans
I'm gonna take it off
name one right only for u.s. citizens
and one is italicized attend public
school freedom of religion run for
federal office freedom of speech I think
you have to be a US citizen to run for
federal office I mean like president I
do you have to be a citizen you can't
become a citizen and then run for
president I think you have to have
always okay
I think see my gut would have been see
let's try it yeah all right come back up
here all right however naturalized
citizens can not run for president
what's the not naturalized citizen the
citizen was born okay once born dear I
was born here in America what did Susan
Martha know I think he's on a coin I
kind of want to say the flag I don't
know anything to do with this or this
I'm leaning towards B I'll go for C
you'll going for B I'll go for C okay
okay here we go here we go I was right
oh man so to all the British women by
two questions
bad susan b anthony was an important
leader in the women's rights movement
she fought for women's rights and civil
rights she tried to vote and went to
jail she died before women had the right
to vote that's what she is she on a coin
yeah that is the dollar coin or one of
the dollar dashes I get to see got that
right
I've not been doing a good job so far
yeah flag eastes is mine right now name
one state the borders Canada well it's
not gonna be South Dakota sure I can
answer this one
you forgot yeah island is gonna not just
be bordering another fair so nice
seriously here welcome to America so
it's between Oregon and Maine Oregon
Trail is in the middle I assumed because
that's that video game that you guys
played and so Maine is my guess I'm not
even sure it's me Oregon also isn't it
yes
process of elimination worked there
I'm what we get that both yeah you let's
get some more that geography oh it's on
the right here yeah on the right the
East I'm on the right time coast of the
United States I find that interesting
how high up main is here like it there's
a lot of Canada that's much more South
than the US and it doesn't really appear
to make any sense why does that border
go so deep in their family does
geographical reasons to cut things in
the game yes like what is that little
visit above Minnesota makes what is that
there's an island here right there takes
away will they explain point Roberts to
me please somebody
next what territory did the United
States buy for mine-itis in 1803
oh I know this one yeah easy on a
purchase yeah yeah the United States
bought the Louisiana territory from
France in 1803 after the United States
gained independence fifteen million
dollars that's a deal
PewDiePie could have bought Louisiana
yeah Oh justice that the United States
oh no oh it's definitely bleep um it's
not Barack Obama it's not Joe Biden he
was vice president with a Obama right
cuz there were all those means of those
two together so it's gonna be one of
these two probably we want to see John
Roberts admirer area slipping a coin
here I've never heard Anthony Kennedy
okay you want to go gentlemen I want to
go to I would be 5050 here okay I'm just
gonna do my 50/50 and I find out whether
I would get it right I'm gonna close my
eyes oh I was right okay my based on
nothing other than I knew to whom were
wrong and I had never heard that there
okay what's his face lit device I might
have seen John Oliver makes fun of him
before
how would you reckon he looks 60 ID
because these are old pictures to get
this is he's got to be like between oh
yes 60 now 60 64 okay 10 points to
Griffin
America before the Europeans arrived no
one know that we're gonna talk about it
we just lurid Ian's oh yeah it's sort of
like their own species right sorry
Florida Canadians American Indian right
I love that no one is an answer I mean
that's a good trap yeah it's definitely
Priya
I've heard that like one of the only
countries that really deep dives into
the problems with the country's history
is Germany but is that truly do you do
you talk about the problems that the US
had in your school I feel like it's
definitely rose-tinted glasses like they
don't really talk about like the things
that make them look bad what is
something you like about America in an
out burger what is the rule of law
everyone must follow the law all laws
must be the same in every state
government does not have to follow the
law everyone but the president must
follow the law I think D is actually
kind of true sir yes yeah well kind of
in practice it's a yeah okay no but it
actually is but the president likes sort
of can't I guess what impeachment
all right well impeachment is because
they did something against Lloyd it's
like a whole process I think the
president could actually kill someone
with a I'm Simon could be that's so
wrong and I shouldn't say this but I
feel like the president could actually
kill someone with their bare hands and
they would not immediately get in
trouble well I could yeah what is rule
of the law the laws are rules I don't
understand what this if you're getting
messy question everyone must follow the
law that's the rule the laws you have to
follow the law I think it's a that's my
guess
yeah okay let's look up if the can the
president and the president killed
someone the short answer is yes but not
legally okay okay what about like can
the president be arrested it's happened
before
okay ulysses s grant was arrested for
speeding his horse carriage through
washington DC how fast do you have to be
speeding a horse carriage to get
arrested I wonder who did the u.s. fight
in World War two everyone I know my
answer
who did they fight this war was a bit
more of our thing initially at least I
think it's a or b I think it's very
interesting that you're saying A or B
considering something very famous that
yeah yeah yeah oh yeah right yep
okay a or C okay let's go for God okay
five full a Paisley I think it's right
Johnson okay yeah cuz I remember it so
he had Mussolini yeah I'm so surprised
you say hey I'm sorry we know B I'm
Germany's ruler to Japan is World War
two it was just Italy and hungry I could
not remember which was which next
question yeah what is the name of the
Speaker of the House of Representatives
now it's not Mike Pence it's not Donald
Trump I think it's Nancy Pelosi I'm
gonna go at a because I don't really
know who D is my pence is the vice
president direct so I've never heard of
Chuck Schumer so I would have assumed
Nancy Pelosi is my guess that's my guess
yes Speaker of the House of
Representatives becomes president oh if
the president and vice president I
gotcha
okay that's pretty important so she will
be the first woman president if you if
they killed Donald Trump and Mike penny
if they yank you go straight to killing
someone I was just thinking yeah okay
what is freedom of religion you must
choose you can't choose you mind you
practice your religion
no one compactus is religion the
definitely a is within game yeah that's
pretty obvious you have freedom of
religion but you can't come here from a
Muslim country yes what Donald Trump yes
okay why does the flag have 50 stars
because that's how many there are in the
sky yes because there were 50 people who
recently came to the US that's kind of a
cute answer to her phone because there
is one staff each state because there is
one stop each prayer I feel like C is
such an easy one to negate say like you
just have to keep analyst
none of the flags would be up today
because there were 50 original colonies
I thought it was for each state that
would be my answer I know this one's I'm
just gonna let you guys I'm gonna be
okay because I know there's the movie
the 51st state which is like a fiction
I think they added I mean they
definitely added stars in the past like
wasn't a circle at one point yes I think
it was like there is that wick 13
colonies not a symbol of racist racist
but next raise a flag of 13 strike
because it was considered lucky to have
13 stripes on a fall that's not true
because the stripes represent the
members of the Second Continental
Congress
if the stripes represent the original
colonies oh there were 13 original
colonies but I've kind of figured that
out now from looking at the thing that's
kind of cheating for me I probably would
have guessed this that's right next name
one branch or part of the government
Parliament could you have done that
without looking
um yes like executive judicial that's
not any of these oh oh I think I'd be
guessing yeah the United Nations
yeah no it's my guess is Congress yeah
it's Congress
what does Congress do that's the one
where they just sit in circles talking
you know each other all day just to drag
things on gotcha and then the
representatives are in what month do we
vote for president oh I don't know this
how you think I know this I have taught
you gay when does John Oliver go off on
one I'd probably get something like
November
I'm gonna guess November yes Congress
decided November was perfect so you
could celebrate Christmas with a happy
new president yeah sorry holidays
holidays what happened at the
Constitutional Convention ah
oh boy Emancipation Proclamation was
slavery slave stuff yeah like a months
the patient Proctor me yeah it sounds
that was Fool's Rick in Hamilton to
mention like later on all that I don't
think I've heard anything else like run
his Proclamation yeah there was one like
dying government who wanted to hear a
poet yes my chance I think I'd be
guessing they I think that's a smart
answer to I don't know if it's the right
answer though but we well yeah let's go
hey yeah
we're doing pretty good yes so far I'm
still beating you I think yeah by a
couple questions yeah I also gave you
some freebies yeah maybe what is one
thing Benjamin Franklin is famous for oh
I know the one definitely inventor
Benjamin Franklin was the president I
might have gone hey okay I am I an idiot
can we Google this cuz I'm a man oh god
it's because you're seeing that in the
frickin truth there's some guy with a
gun next to you saying get this right
you have to pick one I think he was just
a diplomat I don't think he was even
youngest I think he was actually old
okay so you think that for me I think
the President of the United States cuz
I'm a foreigner here we go no we're
going for you were right so bad I really
do you guys but I knew he was an
inventor he had the whole key on the
right thing yeah that's why I remembered
why was he so famous because he just did
a bunch of things he was sort of like
the guy that would just like hang out
with people and he would accomplish
things that never really did anything
this is a quickie fades because you
think he'd be president because of how
prominent yeah he's on the hundred
dollar bill
I like how uncomfortable you go as I was
getting closer clicking boy I'm you know
I'm a geography not history okay I think
this is the last one now can we elect a
US senator for how many years well I
know president is four could you imagine
like you've got to get booted out of the
country this yes question so far how do
you feel about the questions that have
been asked do you think they're relevant
I think a lot of them are really stupid
which one's come to mind the rule of law
one was really vague you know I think
anything that was more like a fun fact
and less of like useful information it's
almost like US pop culture like a very
weird thing to ask somebody because it
doesn't affect what would you as a US as
a US citizen
what do you happen to be a more useful
question I think how many McDonald's are
in the 14,000 146
what side of the road do we try it
that's a family oh god I don't answer
I've got my guess what's your guess I
think it's six years
okay I'm thinking 10 so let's here we go
here we go it's six okay I think you've
just beaten me which one of them is two
wanted present is four
I know that there are some senators who
have been there for when the whole pair
like 40 years of a career yeah so a lot
of these questions I feel was simpler
than like we got three wrong 60% for a
successful pass and we got 85% passing
with we are playing red white let's blow
funding over I failed a British test but
passing the Americans I think it's a
sign that you have to move your Merrick
all right
legally you're quite right yeah over law
of the rules yeah once you pass the test
you've become the city that's how easy
exactly exactly I have to practice my
accident yes hello I'm Dave hello I'm
Dave and I eat McDonald's every day and
I ate McDonald's every day yeehaw take
my well there you have it
we are both bona fide American citizens
welcome thank you I am proud to be an
American me too
goodbye where have you been I'm released
a video in ages cuz I couldn't find you
I've just been in prison you got in
prison what did you do not imprisoned in
prison I was just visiting like a madman
curiosity stream here expanding library
since there's thousands of trials on
bear now it's the best documentary
streaming service around I didn't know
they had the internet in prison I don't
know we do on me now well nice one of
the girls also let me stop him nebula
goofed teamed up with curiosity stream
watch nebula will be named oh I hear you
asked well time
now I know what nebula is a bunch of
educational creators got together to
build a platform owned by creators where
we get to decide how our content is
presented to the audience
oh your videos on there me yeah I
thought you said you watched it I don't
really watch your channel you're not
very funny
thanks I was actually watching one of
the nebula originals on there recently
a creator Isle of Tears ooh has this
let's play outside series he started
which is slightly different take on his
normal videos more of a let's play style
about how dinosaurs lived when the
dinosaurs wasted all their XP turn more
colourful just to attract to me man
that's the one evolution is pretty
stupid isn't it it's pretty cool that
you get access to both of these things
because while curiosity stream is more
about the non-fiction bigger budget
titles nebula is a place for creators to
try things that wouldn't necessarily
work on YouTube like real engineering we
did a series on world war two logistics
that would probably get killed by the
algorithm on YouTube there's new
originals coming out there every week
blowing all that in addition to
curiosity streams exclusive originals
and documentaries from some of the
world's best filmmakers for year and
yeah I'm free to go to curiosity spring
our contract winner man that's crazy
ridiculous insane goodbye goodbye
curiosity sweetheart man yeah bye